we're here at Nathan Phillips Square
gearing up for the leaps home opener
tonight I have tons of tickets to give
away to some lucky leaf fans out there I
don't think it's gonna take much time
there we go
all right they're single thank you so
much all right can we get up thank you
thank you go Leafs go thank you so much
oh come on Accardi you've been following
you all day just to get nice okay I
gotta go Leafs go go let's go oh that
was terrible but I got another notice go
join me colleagues go you've been
tweeting me all that you drove from
Belleville down here to get some tickets
uh you just got right now in the course
no sir we came for the game wait for the
games always go
what are you doing tonight
you also take a second for sure I love
it all
Sara crazy Lee fans they wanted to go to
home up with her tonight so we hook them
up are you guys excited no I
I've never been to a home opener and
it's just gonna be crazy
well it didn't take long at all to give
away all those tickets here at Nathan
Phillips Square to some luckily fans
remember fans that the Leafs Mobile Fan
Zone is gonna be out throughout the
community all week you can skate you can
see alumni and of course have some fun
because Elise season is back now I have
a few more tickets to give away so I
think you didn't get a ticket did you
you want to go to the game tonight all
right here you go there's a single
ticket there's two for ya thank you when
you get up go leaves go go leaves go
I love the beard by the way